This was.
Okay.
I'm telling you.
Okay. Damn!
This is not what I would be after.
Not waste of time.
Why are you just this week with your arm?
Poor Laura.
I'm telling you, it's not serious.
Oh, I'm looking for someone
who can show us,
their work and their thinking of how
they would add 1 in 1.
Six plus one and one third.
Anybody can.
Ariana. One.
Two. Eight.
Eight.
Six. Eight.
Who can tell me what?
1 in 1 sixth
plus one and one third equals.
One and two.
Eight.
Is there a way that we could.
Does anyone have anything different?
Okay. We are doing this. Thank you.
Good job.
Yeah, I will be doing.
My, And for you.
See? A lot longer.
We'll.
Add. And we're giving
it up to two different programs,
all with it.
Okay, so our goal is to find.
This everyone.
And if I see, I see one,
two with their hands and not shouting out
they're not calling young people. But.
Hey, y'all,
can you tell your friends to move?
Every day you walk in my locker
and I keep getting.
I'm going to be late to class
because of you guys.
Oh my God.
We're allowed here.
Are my friends
allowed to stand wherever they want?
Yeah, they could stand,
but I organize right
there, and I need to get to where
I want to go, where I want, what I want.
If you don't treat me,
I'm going to be late to class.
Because if you got, then be honest.
It's every day you.
Yeah.
And then
they got me.
To like,
I feel like today,
especially on other days,
you and your friends are in my locker,
and, like, I don't mean to like, bother
you guys, but it does bother you
because I'm really close to getting
another dispensary, and it's hard
to get to my after we get you.
So that's okay.
I'll talk to my friends. I'm
really sorry I didn't notice, so I got.